#summary how to register for an account and get a pair of credentials.

== Key and Secret ==

The users have to register for an account at the cloud service providers that are supporting by !InterCloud RAIDer and get a pair of *key* and *secret* after registration. During the first running of !InterCloud RAIDer, the system will request for the pair of key and secret that is retrieving from the service providers. The system will then use the pair of credentials for authorization when making access requests to the service providers. 

See [ManualPage#First_Running_of_InterCloud_RAIDer First Running of InterCloud RAIDer] for more details.

The registration procedures of different cloud service providers are describing as follows:

=== Dropbox ===

If you don't have a Dropbox account, please log on to  https://www.dropbox.com/register and register for an account by providing an valid email.

Then,

 * Please go to https://www.dropbox.com/developers/apps/create and create an application for !InterCloud RAIDer.

 * After creating an application, the webpage will be redirect to application's credentials page.

 * Take note of the credential pair of *app key* and *app secret* as you'll need to input it for the first running of !InterCloud RAIDer.

If you have already created an application for !InterCloud RAIDer, you can always retrieve the credential pair at [https://www.dropbox.com/developers/apps Dropbox App Console].

=== Google Drive ===

If you don't have a Google account, please log on to  https://accounts.google.com/SignUp and register for an account.

Then,
 * If you haven't already registered your application with the Google Cloud Console, then [https://cloud.google.com/console#/flows/enableapi?apiid=drive  set up a project and application in the Cloud Console] for !InterCloud RAIDer. The system guides you through the process of choosing or creating a project and registering a new application, and it automatically activates the API for you.

 * If you've already registered your application with the Cloud Console, then follow this procedure instead:
   # Go to [https://cloud.google.com/console#/project Google Cloud Console].
   # Select a project.
   # In the sidebar on the left, select *APIs & auth*. In the displayed list of APIs, make sure the Drive API status is set to *ON*.
   # In the sidebar on the left, select *Registered apps*.
   # Select an application.

 * In either case, you end up on the application's credentials page.

 * To find your application's client ID and client secret, and set a redirect URI (please set to _urn:ietf:wg:oauth:2.0:oob_), expand the OAuth 2.0 Client ID section.

 * Take note of the pair of *Client ID* and *Client secret* as you'll need to input it for the first running of !InterCloud RAIDer.

The details of the instructions can be found at [https://developers.google.com/drive Google Drive SDK].

=== !SkyDrive ===

abc...

=== Ubuntu One ===

If you don't have an Ubuntu One account, please log on to https://login.ubuntu.com/+login and register for an account by providing an valid email.

The *consumer key* and *consumer secret* are automatically set to _ubuntuone_ and _hammertime_.